README.md, before:

# docker-icinga2

> **Note**
>
> This is not yet finished and will be uploaded to
> [Docker Hub](https://registry.hub.docker.com/repos/icinga/)
> then.

This repository is used as source for the
docker image `icinga/icinga2`.

It serves as container for demos, tests and development.

## Requirements

* Docker >= 1.6.0

## TODOs

* fix setuid in el7 (icinga2.cmd group)
* Add ssh support
* demo config for icinga2
* install icinga2 syntax highlighting for vim
* systemd support (requires privileged run)
* documentation

## Image details

* Based on centos:centos7 (similar to the Vagrant boxes)
* Icinga 2 w/ DB IDO MySQL, Icinga Web 2, MariaDB, Apache2
* Default installation/credentials. Use at your own risk.

## Usage

Start a new container, bind the container's port 80 to localhost:3080
and let the initialization do its job:

    $ sudo docker run -ti -p 3080:80 icinga/icinga2

If you want to invoke it manually, go for

    $ sudo docker run -ti -p 3080:80 icinga/icinga2 /bin/bash
    # /opt/icinga2/initdocker

Build a new container based on this repository:

    $ sudo docker pull centos:centos7
    $ sudo docker build -t icinga/icinga2 .


## Tools

### Icinga 2

The configuration is located in /etc/icinga2 which is exposed as volume from
docker.

By default the icinga database is created, and `ido-mysql` and `command` features
are enabled.

### Icinga Web 2

Icinga Web 2 can be accessed at http://localhost:3080/icingaweb2 w/ icingaadmin:icinga as credentials.

The configuration is located in /etc/icingaweb2 which is exposed as volume from
docker.

By default the icingaweb2 database is created including the `icingaadmin` user. Additional
configuration is also added to skip the setup wizard.

## Ports

The following ports are exposed: 22, 80, 443, 3306, 5665

## Volumes

These volumes can be mounted in order to test and develop various stuff.

    /etc/icinga2
    /etc/icingaweb2

    /var/lib/icinga2
    /usr/share/icingaweb2

# Thanks

* Jordan Jethwa for the initial [icinga2 docker image for Debian](https://github.com/jjethwa/icinga2)

Commit message:

Add ssh support, update documentation

README.md, after:

# docker-icinga2

> **Note**
>
> This is not yet finished and will be uploaded to
> [Docker Hub](https://registry.hub.docker.com/repos/icinga/)
> then.

This repository is used as source for the
docker image `icinga/icinga2`.

It serves as container for demos, tests and development.

## Requirements

* Docker >= 1.6.0

## TODOs

* demo config for icinga2

## Image details

* Based on centos:centos7 (similar to the Vagrant boxes)
* Icinga 2 w/ DB IDO MySQL, Icinga Web 2, MariaDB, Apache2
* Default installation/credentials. Use at your own risk.

## Usage

Start a new container, bind the container's port 80 to localhost:3080
and let the initialization do its job:

    $ sudo docker run -ti -p 3080:80 icinga/icinga2

If you want to invoke it manually, go for

    $ sudo docker run -ti -p 3080:80 icinga/icinga2 /bin/bash
    # /opt/icinga2/initdocker

### Container Build

Build a new container based on this repository:

    $ sudo docker pull centos:centos7
    $ sudo docker build -t icinga/icinga2 .

### SSH Access

Even if you can already mount specific [volumes](#volumes) there's ssh access
available. Make sure to map the port accordingly.

    $ sudo docker run -ti -p 3080:80 -p 3022:22 icinga/icinga2

Then login as `appuser/appuser`. sudo is enabled for this user.

    $ ssh appuser@localhost -p 3022

## Tools

### Icinga 2

The configuration is located in /etc/icinga2 which is exposed as [volume](#volumes) from
docker.

By default the icinga database is created, and `ido-mysql` and `command` features
are enabled.

### Icinga Web 2

Icinga Web 2 can be accessed at http://localhost:3080/icingaweb2 w/ `icingaadmin:icinga` as credentials.

The configuration is located in /etc/icingaweb2 which is exposed as [volume](#volumes) from
docker.

By default the icingaweb2 database is created including the `icingaadmin` user. Additional
configuration is also added to skip the setup wizard.

## Ports

The following ports are exposed: 22, 80, 443, 3306, 5665

## Volumes

These volumes can be mounted in order to test and develop various stuff.

    /etc/icinga2
    /etc/icingaweb2

    /var/lib/icinga2
    /usr/share/icingaweb2

# Thanks

* Jordan Jethwa for the initial [icinga2 docker image for Debian](https://github.com/jjethwa/icinga2)
